---
cover: /articles/eufy_s340_1500_1500.webp
author:
  name: Sébastien Chopin
  avatarUrl: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1042510623962275840/1Iw_Mvud_400x400.jpg
  link: https://twitter.com/tiptronic
date: 2025-01-23T15:43:00.746Z
layout: article
image: /articles/eufy_s340_1500_1500.webp
---

# Get started with Eufy S340 (002)

I now added the S340 to both, HomeKit (via <https://homebridge.io>) AND the Eufy.app at the same time (that's what I originally wanted). It's unfortunate that we need an external solution to do this, but anyway, now it works fine and I can even decide where I want notifications to come from (Eufy.app and/or HomeKit).

Preview-Videos in HomeKit are good enough for a quick peek - if I want even more detail I still can use the Eufy.app.

AND - now the S340 nicely integrates with my other notifications/automations in HomeKit.

And there's one more benefit (for me): I have 1 or 2 blind spots in the garden (where I currently use a E220 (indoor) since 2 years, which is good during the day, but has its issues in the night). I'm curious how the S340 performs out there ( I'm going to install it there once the weather gets better :))

Comparing the raw video data turns out, the S340 is significantly better than the E220 (especially in night mode), but the E220 is still awesome (during daytime and if you compare prices - where the E220 costs a fraction of the S340)

I'm still curious how the S3Pro compares (I ordered some and we'll see).

---

I recently added the Eufy S340 camera to both HomeKit (via [Homebridge](https://homebridge.io)) and the Eufy app simultaneously, which was my initial goal. Although it's unfortunate that an external solution is required to achieve this integration, it now works seamlessly. I can choose where I want to receive notifications from, whether it's the Eufy app, HomeKit, or both.

The preview videos in HomeKit are sufficient for a quick glance. If I need more detailed footage, I can always switch to the Eufy app. Additionally, the S340 integrates smoothly with my other notifications and automations within HomeKit.

There is another advantage for me: I have a couple of blind spots in my garden where I've been using an Eufy E220 indoor camera for the past two years. While the E220 performs well during the day, it struggles at night. I'm eager to see how the S340 handles these areas once I install it, which I plan to do when the weather improves.

In terms of raw video quality, the S340 significantly outperforms the E220, especially in night mode. However, the E220 remains impressive during the day, particularly considering its lower price point compared to the S340.

I'm also curious about how the S3Pro compares, as I've ordered a few and will be testing them soon. We'll see how they stack up against the S340 and E220.
